  Then being asked, where all thy beauty lies,
  Then beauteous niggard why dost thou abuse,
  Then how when nature calls thee to be gone,
  Then were not summer's distillation left
  Then let not winter's ragged hand deface,
  Then what could death do if thou shouldst depart,
  Then of thy beauty do I question make
  Then the conceit of this inconstant stay,
  Then look I death my days should expiate.  
    Then happy I that love and am beloved
    Then may I dare to boast how I do love thee,
  Then can I drown an eye (unused to flow)
  Then can I grieve at grievances foregone,
  Then if for my love, thou my love receivest,
  Then thou whose shadow shadows doth make bright
  Then should I spur though mounted on the wind,
  Then can no horse with my desire keep pace,
  Then churls their thoughts (although their eyes were kind)
    Then thou alone kingdoms of hearts shouldst owe.
  Then bettered that the world may see my pleasure,
    Then thank him not for that which he doth say,
    Then if he thrive and I be cast away,
    Then others, for the breath of words respect,
    Then lacked I matter, that enfeebled mine.
  Then hate me when thou wilt, if ever, now,
  Then need I not to fear the worst of wrongs,
    Then do thy office Muse, I teach thee how,
  Then in the blazon of sweet beauty's best,
    Then give me welcome, next my heaven the best,
  Thence comes it that my name receives a brand,
    Then will I swear beauty herself is black,
  Then in the number let me pass untold,
  Then soul live thou upon thy servant's loss,
  Then gentle cheater urge not my amiss,
  HELENA. Then I confess,
  LAFEU. Then here's a man stands that has brought his pardon.
  HELENA. Then shalt thou give me with thy kingly hand
  LAFEU. Then my dial goes not true; I took this lark for a bunting.
    Then hast thou all again. Poor lord! is't
  DUKE. Then go thou forth;
    But take the High'st to witness. Then, pray you, tell me:
  KING. Then shall we have a match. I have letters sent me
    To a most hideous object. Thence it came
    Whoever gave it you. Then, if you know
  ANTONY. Then must thou needs find out new heaven, new earth.
  CHARMIAN. Then belike my children shall have no names.
    Then was the time for words. No going then!
    Then bid adieu to me, and say the tears
    Murder in healing wounds. Then, noble partners,
    He fell upon me ere admitted. Then
    Then put my tires and mantles on him, whilst
  POMPEY. Then so much have I heard;
  MENAS. Then is Caesar and he for ever knit together.
  ENOBARBUS. Then, world, thou hast a pair of chaps- no more;
    His part o' th' isle. Then does he say he lent me
    Then, Antony- but now. Well, on.                      Exeunt
    Then in the midst a tearing groan did break
  ANTONY. Then let it do at once
    Become a dog that's mad. Then is it sin
  ROSALIND. Then shall we be news-cramm'd.
  ROSALIND. Then there were two cousins laid up, when the one should
    Then, good my liege, mistake me not so much
    When she is gone. Then open not thy lips.
    To that which had too much.' Then, being there alone,
    Then he hath wrong'd himself; if he be free,
  ORLANDO. Then but forbear your food a little while,
    Then the whining school-boy, with his satchel
    Made to his mistress' eyebrow. Then a soldier,
            Then, heigh-ho, the holly!
  TOUCHSTONE. Then thou art damn'd.
                Then to cart with Rosalinde.
    medlar. Then it will be the earliest fruit i' th' country; for
  ROSALIND. Then there is no true lover in the forest, else sighing
    Then your hose should be ungarter'd, your bonnet unbanded, your
    Then shall you know the wounds invisible
  ROSALIND. Then she puts you to entreaty, and there begins new
  ORLANDO. Then, in mine own person, I die.
  ORLANDO. Then love me, Rosalind.
  ROSALIND. Then you must say 'I take thee, Rosalind, for wife.'
           Then sing him home.
    Then should I know you by description-
  TOUCHSTONE. Then learn this of me: to have is to have; for it is a
    HYMEN.    Then is there mirth in heaven,
  Then let your will attend on their accords.
  From my poor cheek? Then he hath wasted it.
  By him not ruin'd? Then is he the ground
  Then for her wealth's sake use her with more kindness;
  Then, gentle brother, get you in again;
ANTIPHOLUS OF SYRACUSE. Then she bears some breadth?
ANGELO. Then you will bring the chain to her yourself?
LUCIANA. Then swore he that he was a stranger here.
LUCIANA. Then pleaded I for you.
ADRIANA. Then let your servants bring my husband forth.
  We came again to bind them. Then they fled
  Then fairly I bespoke the officer
  Cries out I was possess'd. Then all together
  FIRST SENATOR. Then, worthy Marcius,
  VOLUMNIA. Then his good report should have been my son; I therein  
  MARCIUS. Then shall we hear their 'larum, and they ours.
    Then reason safely with you. Therefore be it known,
  BRUTUS. Then our office may
                             [Flourish. Cornets. Then exeunt all
    Then vail your ignorance; if none, awake
    Then were they chosen; in a better hour
    And treasure of my loins. Then if I would
    Have I heard groan and drop. Then know me not.
    What an ass it is! Then thou dwell'st with daws too?  
    Stand I before thee here. Then if thou hast
  FIRST WATCH. Then you should hate Rome, as he does. Can you, when
    Then let the pebbles on the hungry beach
    Then old and fond of issue, took such sorrow
  IMOGEN. Then wav'd his handkerchief?
    Then afterward up higher; but there is
  IACHIMO. Then, if you can,                [Shows the bracelet]
    Glide thither in a day? Then, true Pisanio-
    Was not far off. Then was I as a tree
  PISANIO. Then, madam,
    Then not in Britain must you bide.
  PISANIO. Then, sir,
    Take or lend. Ho! No answer? Then I'll enter.
    Had been my father's sons! Then had my prize
    Or they so suffering. Then on good ground we fear,
They march over and go out.  Alarums.  Then enter again, in skirmish,
    Then enter to his rescue BELARIUS, GUIDERIUS, and ARVIRAGUS  
    CYMBELINE, and exeunt. Then re-enter LUCIUS and IACHIMO,
    Upon the pikes o' th' hunters. Then began
    Then, free for ever! Is't enough I am sorry?
        music before them. Then, after other music, follows
            Then, Jupiter, thou king of gods,
    Then in my pocket, which directed him
    Then spare not the old father. Mighty sir,
  Ham. Then saw you not his face?
    Whereof he is the head. Then if he says he loves you,
    Then weigh what loss your honour may sustain
  Ham. It will not speak. Then will I follow it.
  Ham. Hic et ubique? Then we'll shift our ground.
    Then goes he to the length of all his arm,
    Thence to a watch, thence into a weakness,
    Thence to a lightness, and, by this declension,
  Ham. Then I would you were so honest a man.
  Ham. Then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her
  Ham. Then is doomsday near! But your news is not true. Let me
  Ros. Then is the world one.
  Ham. Then are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and outstretch'd
  Ham. Then came each actor on his ass-
      Th' unnerved father falls. Then senseless Ilium,
    yet? Then there's hope a great man's memory may outlive his life
  Ros. Then thus she says: your behaviour hath struck her into
  Ham. Then will I come to my mother by-and-by.- They fool me to the
    Or pardon'd being down? Then I'll look up;
    Then trip him, that his heels may kick at heaven,
    My stern effects. Then what I have to do
                  [Exit the Queen. Then] Exit Hamlet, tugging in
            Then up he rose and donn'd his clo'es
    Then Hamlet does it not, Hamlet denies it.
    Then, venom, to thy work.                    Hurts the King.
    Therefore we meet not now. Then let me hear
    Then would I have his Harry, and he mine.
  Poins. Then art thou damn'd for keeping thy word with the devil.
    Then let not him be slandered with revolt.
  Wor. Then once more to your Scottish prisoners.
    down. Then did we two set on you four and, with a word, outfac'd
  Lady P. Then should you be nothing but musical; for you are
  Lady P. Then be still.
  Hot. Then to the point.
  Wor. Then are we all undone.
The King enters with his Power.  Alarum to the battle.  Then enter Douglas
    They fight. Douglas kills Blunt. Then enter Hotspur.  
  Prince. Then brother John of Lancaster, to you
  King. Then this remains, that we divide our power.
    Fly from the field. Then was that noble Worcester
    Then we must rate the cost of the erection;
    Then join you with them, like a rib of steel,  
  PISTOL. Then to you, Mistress Dorothy; I will charge you.
  PISTOL. Then feed and be fat, my fair Calipolis.
    Then death rock me asleep, abridge my doleful days!
    Deny it to a king? Then, happy low, lie down!
  KING. Then you perceive the body of our kingdom
    Then check'd and rated by Northumberland,
    Then let us meet them like necessities;  
    all at commandment. Then was Jack Falstaff, now Sir John, boy,
  WESTMORELAND. Then, my lord,
    Then, then, when there was nothing could have stay'd
    Then threw he down himself, and all their lives
    Then reason will our hearts should be as good.
  ARCHBISHOP. Then take, my Lord of Westmoreland, this schedule,
    Then get thee gone, and dig my grave thyself;
    Then plain and right must my possession be;
    Then, Pistol, lay thy head in Furies' lap.
   Then should the warlike Harry, like himself,
 CANTERBURY. Then go we in, to know his embassy;
  CANTERBURY. Then hear me, gracious sovereign, and you peers,
    Then doth it well appear the Salique law
          Then with Scotland first begin.'
  KING HENRY. Then, Richard Earl of Cambridge, there is yours;
    Then, forth, dear countrymen; let us deliver
    Then imitate the action of the tiger:
    Then lend the eye a terrible aspect;
  DAUPHIN. Then did they imitate that which I compos'd to my courser;
  CONSTABLE. Then shall we find to-morrow they have only stomachs to
  KING HENRY. Then you are a better than the King.
  BATES. Then I would he were here alone; so should he be sure to be
    they perish. Then if they die unprovided, no more is the King
    And all is done. Then let the trumpets sound
    Then joyfully, my noble Lord of Bedford,
    Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars,
    What feats he did that day. Then shall our names,  
    Then every soldier kill his prisoners;
  KING HENRY. Then call we this the field of Agincourt,
  KING HENRY. Then keep thy vow, sirrah, when thou meet'st the
    Then brook abridgment; and your eyes advance,
    directly to say 'I love you.' Then, if you urge me farther than
  KING HENRY. Then I will kiss your lips, Kate.
  KING HENRY. Then, good my lord, teach your cousin to consent
    Then shall I swear to Kate, and you to me,
  BEDFORD. Is Talbot slain? Then I will slay myself,
  CHARLES. Then come, o' God's name; I fear no woman.
    Then will I think upon a recompense.
    Then broke I from the officers that led me,
      DAUPHIN and driveth him. Then enter JOAN LA PUCELLE
       driving Englishmen before her. Then enter TALBOT
    Then how or which way should they first break in?
  COUNTESS. Then have I substance too.
  PLANTAGENET. Then say at once if I maintain'd the truth;
  VERNON. Then, for the truth and plainness of the case,
    Then be at peace, except ye thirst for blood.
    Then be it so. Heavens keep old Bedford safe!
  PUCELLE. Then thus it must be; this doth Joan devise:
    Then judge, great lords, if I have done amiss,
  KING HENRY. Then gather strength and march unto him
  LUCY. Then God take mercy on brave Talbot's soul,
  JOHN. Then let me stay; and, father, do you fly.
  TALBOT. Then here I take my leave of thee, fair son,
    Of bold-fac'd victory. Then leaden age,
    Then talk no more of flight, it is no boot;
  TALBOT. Then follow thou thy desp'rate sire of Crete,  
    Then I perceive that will be verified
  ALENCON. Then march to Paris, royal Charles of France,
  CHARLES. Then on, my lords; and France be fortunate!
    Then take my soul-my body, soul, and all,
    Then how can Margaret be thy paramour?
  SUFFOLK. Then call our captains and our colours forth!
    Then, Joan, discover thine infirmity
  PUCELLE. Then lead me hence-with whom I leave my
  YORK. Then swear allegiance to his Majesty:
    Then yield, my lords; and here conclude with me
  SALISBURY. Then let's make haste away and look unto the main.
    Then, York, be still awhile, till time do serve;
    Then will I raise aloft the milk-white rose,
    Then let him be denay'd the regentship.
  GLOUCESTER. Then, Saunder, sit there, the lying'st knave in
  GLOUCESTER. Then send for one presently.
  YORK. Then thus:
    Then, father Salisbury, kneel we together,
  SALISBURY. Thump? Then see thou thump thy master well.
    Then, noble York, take thou this task in hand.
  QUEEN. Then you, belike, suspect these noblemen
    Alive again? Then show me where he is;
  GEORGE. Then is sin struck down, like an ox, and iniquity's throat
  BUCKINGHAM. Then linger not, my lord; away, take horse.
Enter LORD SCALES Upon the Tower, walking. Then enter two or three CITIZENS,
Alarums. MATTHEW GOFFE is slain, and all the rest.  Then enter JACK CADE,
  JOHN. [Aside] Then we are like to have biting statutes, unless his
  KING HENRY. Then, heaven, set ope thy everlasting gates,
  YORK. Then, Buckingham, I do dismiss my pow'rs.
  KING HENRY. Then what intends these forces thou dost bring?
    Then, York, unloose thy long-imprisoned thoughts
  WARWICK. Then, nobly, York; 'tis for a crown thou fight'st.
  YORK. Then leave me not, my lords; be resolute:
    Then, seeing 'twas he that made you to depose,
  RUTLAND. Then let my father's blood open it again:
    Then let me die, for now thou hast no cause.
  RICHARD. Then, Clifford, were thy heart as hard as steel,
  EDWARD. Then strike up drums. God and Saint George for us!
  WARWICK. Then 'twas my turn to fly, and now 'tis thine.
  RICHARD. Then, executioner, unsheathe thy sword.
  WARWICK. Then let the earth be drunken with our blood.
  GLOUCESTER. [Aside] Ay, widow? Then I'll warrant you all your
  KING EDWARD. Then get your husband's lands, to do them good.
  LADY GREY. Then, no, my lord. My suit is at an end.
    Then, since this earth affords no joy to me
  OXFORD. Then Warwick disannuls great John of Gaunt,
  LEWIS. Then further: all dissembling set aside,
  LEWIS. Then, Warwick, thus: our sister shall be Edward's.
    Then 'tis but reason that I be releas'd  
  LEWIS. Then, England's messenger, return in post  
    Then none but I shall turn his jest to sorrow.
  CLARENCE. Then this is mine opinion: that King Lewis
  WARWICK. Then, gentle Clarence, welcome unto Warwick;
    Then I degraded you from being King,
  WARWICK. Then, for his mind, be Edward England's king;
  RIVERS. Then is my sovereign slain?
  MONTGOMERY. Then fare you well, for I will hence again.
  KING EDWARD. Then be it as you will; for 'tis my right,
    Then why should they love Edward more than me?
  WARWICK. Then Clarence is at hand; I hear his drum.
    You fight in justice. Then, in God's name, lords,
    What, wilt thou not? Then, Clarence, do it thou.
    Then, since the heavens have shap'd my body so,
  NORFOLK. Then you lost
a longer table for the guests. Then enter ANNE BULLEN,
    Then deputy of Ireland, who remov'd,
    Then give my charge up to Sir Nicholas Vaux,
  OLD LADY. Then you are weakly made. Pluck off a little;
two NOBLEMEN with the sword and mace. Then enter the KING and QUEEN
    Then mark th' inducement. Thus it came-give heed to't:
    Be gladded in't by me. Then follows that
    Then out it goes. What though I know her virtuous
    Then lays his finger on his temple; straight
    Then makes him nothing. I must read this paper;
  NORFOLK. Then, that in all you writ to Rome, or else
  SUFFOLK. Then, that without the knowledge
  SURREY. Then, that you have sent innumerable substance,
    2. Then two JUDGES.
    5. MAYOR OF LONDON, bearing the mace. Then GARTER, in
    Then rose again, and bow'd her to the people;
      Then the two that held the garland deliver the
    Then lay me forth; although unqueen'd, yet like
  CHANCELLOR. Then thus for you, my lord: it stands agreed,
  CHATILLON. Then take my king's defiance from my mouth-
    Then, good my liege, let me have what is mine,
    Then, good my mother, let me know my father-
  CHATILLON. Then turn your forces from this paltry siege
    Then tell us, shall your city call us lord
  KING JOHN. Then God forgive the sin of all those souls
    Then let confusion of one part confirm
    Then in a moment Fortune shall cull forth
    Then after fight who shall be king of it?
  KING JOHN. Then do I give Volquessen, Touraine, Maine,
    Then speak again-not all thy former tale,
  PANDULPH. Then by the lawful power that I have
    Then, in despite of brooded watchful day,
    Then with a passion would I shake the world,
    Then have I reason to be fond of grief.
    Then, feeling what small things are boisterous there,
  PEMBROKE. Then I, as one that am the tongue of these,
    Then let the worst, unheard, fall on your head.
    Then pause not; for the present time's so sick
  CASSIUS. Then, Brutus, I have much mistook your passion,  
    Then must I think you would not have it so.
    that, to my thinking, he would fain have had it. Then he offered
    Then, lest he may, prevent. And, since the quarrel
  CASSIUS. Then leave him out.
  CAESAR. Et tu, Brute?- Then fall, Caesar! Dies.
    Then walk we forth, even to the marketplace,
    Then, in a friend, it is cold modesty.
  BRUTUS. Then follow me and give me audience, friends.
  BRUTUS. Then none have I offended. I have done no more to Caesar
    Then make a ring about the corse of Caesar,
    Quite vanquish'd him. Then burst his mighty heart,
    Then I, and you, and all of us fell down,
    a married man or a bachelor? Then, to answer every man directly  
    Then take we down his load and turn him off,
    Then in my tent, Cassius, enlarge your griefs,
  MESSALA. Then like a Roman bear the truth I tell:
  CASSIUS. Then, with your will, go on;
  CASSIUS. Then, if we lose this battle,
  Cor. [aside] Then poor Cordelia!
  Lear. Then leave her, sir; for, by the pow'r that made me,
  Fool. Then 'tis like the breath of an unfeed lawyer- you gave me
     [Sings]    Then they for sudden joy did weep,
  Fool. Then I prithee be merry. Thy wit shall ne'er go slip-shod.
     You owe me no subscription. Then let fall  
          Then shall the realm of Albion
          Then comes the time, who lives to see't,
  Lear. Then let them anatomize Regan. See what breeds about her
  Glou. O my follies! Then Edgar was abus'd.
  Glou. Then prithee get thee gone. If for my sake
  Gon. [to Edmund] Then shall you go no further.
     And clamour moisten'd. Then away she started
     Then kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
  Lear. Then there's life in't. Nay, an you get it, you shall get it
     return the conqueror. Then am I the prisoner, and his bed my
  Cor. Then be't so, my good lord. [To the Doctor] How, does the King?
    ground Which? which, I mean, I upon; it is ycleped thy park. Then
  MOTH. Then I am sure you know how much the gross sum of deuce-ace
             Then if she fear, or be to blame,
  ROSALINE. Then was Venus like her mother; for her father is but
    Then call'd you for the l'envoy.  
    Then the boy's fat l'envoy, the goose that you bought;
    Then, forester, my friend, where is the bush
  COSTARD. Then will she get the upshoot by cleaving the pin.
      Then thou, fair sun, which on my earth dost shine,
  DUMAIN. O vile! Then, as she goes, what upward lies
  KING. Then leave this chat; and, good Berowne, now prove
    Then when ourselves we see in ladies' eyes,
    Then fools you were these women to forswear;
    Then homeward every man attach the hand
  KING. Then in our measure do but vouchsafe one change.
  ROSALINE. Then cannot we be bought; and so adieu-
  KATHARINE. Then die a calf, before your horns do grow.
  PRINCESS OF FRANCE. Then wish me better; I will give you leave.
  COSTARD. Then shall Hector be whipt for Jaquenetta that is quick by
    Then, at the expiration of the year,
    Then, if I have much love, I'll give you some.
         Then nightly sings the staring owl:
         Then nightly sings the staring owl:
the stage.  Then enter Macbeth.
    Thine own life's means! Then 'tis most like
    Thence to be wrench'd with an unlineal hand,
    Then be thou jocund. Ere the bat hath flown
  FIRST MURTHERER. Then stand with us.
  SECOND MURTHERER. Then 'tis he; the rest
  MACBETH. [Aside.] Then comes my fit again. I had else been perfect,
    Then I'll sit down. Give me some wine, fill full.
    Then the charm is firm and good.  
  MACBETH. Then live, Macduff. What need I fear of thee?
  SON. Then you'll buy 'em to sell again.
  SON. Then the liars and swearers are fools, for there are liars and
    Shall e'er have power upon thee." Then fly, false Thanes,
  MACDUFF. Then yield thee, coward,
  SIWARD. Then he is dead?
    Then, if you speak, you must not show your face,
  DUKE. Then was your sin of heavier kind than his.
  ANGELO. Say you so? Then I shall pose you quickly.
  ANGELO. Then must your brother die.  
    Then, Isabel, live chaste, and, brother, die:
  LUCIO. Then, Pompey, nor now. What news abroad, friar? what news?  
    for the old women were all dead. Then is there here one Master
    Then have we here young Dizy, and young Master Deepvow, and
    Then, O you blessed ministers above,
    Then is your cause gone too. The Duke's unjust
    Hath look'd upon my passes. Then, good Prince,
    Then, Angelo, thy fault's thus manifested,
  SOLANIO. Not in love neither? Then let us say you are sad
    Then do but say to me what I should do
  NERISSA. Then is there the County Palatine.
  SHYLOCK. Then meet me forthwith at the notary's;
    Then I am yours.                [He opens the golden casket]
      Then farewell, heat, and welcome, frost.  
  PORTIA. Upon the rack, Bassanio? Then confess
    Then, if he lose, he makes a swan-like end,
    And what is music then? Then music is
    I could not do withal. Then I'll repent,
  LORENZO. Goodly Lord, what a wit-snapper are you! Then bid them
    Then howsome'er thou speak'st, 'mong other things
  PORTIA. Then must the Jew be merciful.
  PORTIA. Then you shall be his surety. Give him this,
  PISTOL. Then did the sun on dunghill shine.  
    And by my side wear steel? Then Lucifer take all!
    walk my ambling gelding, than my wife with herself. Then
    Then let them all encircle him about,
    Then let us teach our trial patience,
    Then to the wood will he to-morrow night
    [Then speaking small] 'Ah Pyramus, my lover dear! Thy
    Then slip I from her bum, down topples she,
  TITANIA. Then I must be thy lady; but I know
    Then how can it be said I am alone
    Then, for the third part of a minute, hence:
    Then to your offices, and let me rest.
    Then by your side no bed-room me deny,
    No? Then I well perceive you are not nigh.
    of Moonshine. Then there is another thing: we must have a wall in
    Then, what it was that next came in her eye,
  PUCK. Then fate o'er-rules, that, one man holding troth,  
  PUCK.         Then will two at once woo one.
    Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong;
    Then crush this herb into Lysander's eye;
  OBERON.     Then, my Queen, in silence sad,
    Then know that I as Snug the joiner am
  Bene. Then is courtesy a turncoat. But it is certain I am loved of
    Then after to her father will I break,
  Leon. Then half Signior Benedick's tongue in Count John's mouth,
            Then sigh not so,
            Then sigh not so, &c.
  Claud. Then down upon her knees she falls, weeps, sobs, beats her
  Hero. Then go we near her, that her ear lose nothing
    Than when she liv'd indeed. Then shall he mourn
  Beat. 'Then' is spoken. Fare you well now. And yet, ere I go, let
  Bene. 'Tis no such matter. Then you do not love me?
                 Then take thine auld cloak about thee."  
  CLOWN. Then put up your pipes in your bag, for I'll away.
  DESDEMONA. Then would to God that I had never seen't!
    Then let them use us well; else let them know,  
  RODERIGO. Nobody come? Then shall I bleed to death.
  DESDEMONA. Then heaven have mercy on me!  
  DESDEMONA. Then Lord have mercy on me!
  OTHELLO. Not Cassio kill'd! Then murther's out of tune,
    Nor set down aught in malice. Then must you speak
  KING RICHARD. Then call them to our presence: face to face
  MOWBRAY. Then, Bolingbroke, as low as to thy heart,
    Then, dear my liege, mine honour let me try;
    Then let us take a ceremonious leave
  MOWBRAY. Then thus I turn me from my countrv's light,
  BOLINGBROKE. Then, England's ground, farewell; sweet soil, adieu;
    Then all too late comes counsel to be heard
  NORTHUMBERLAND. Then thus: I have from Le Port Blanc, a bay
    Of what it is not. Then, thrice-gracious Queen,
    Then wherefore dost thou hope he is not shipp'd?
    Then with directions to repair to Ravenspurgh.
  NORTHUMBERLAND. Then learn to know him now; this is the Duke.
    Then thieves and robbers range abroad unseen
    Then murders, treasons, and detested sins,
    A glorious angel. Then, if angels fight,
  KING RICHARD. Then I must not say no.         Flourish. Exeunt
  BAGOT. Then set before my face the Lord Aumerle.
    Of noble Richard! Then true noblesse would
  KING RICHARD. Then give me leave to go.
  QUEEN. Then whither he goes thither let me go.
  YORK. Then, as I said, the Duke, great Bolingbroke,
    We'll keep him here. Then what is that to him?
  AUMERLE. Then give me leave that I may turn the key,
    Then treasons make me wish myself a beggar,
    And so I am. Then crushing penury
    Then am I king'd again; and by and by
  ANNE. Then say they were not slain.
  ANNE. Dost grant me, hedgehog? Then, God grant me to
  GLOUCESTER. Then bid me kill myself, and I will do it;
  GLOUCESTER. Then never was man true.
    Upon the hatches. Thence we look'd toward England,
    And so he vanish'd. Then came wand'ring by
  KING EDWARD. Then say at once what is it thou requests.  
  SON. Then you conclude, my grandam, he is dead.
  GLOUCESTER. Then be it so; and go we to determine
  THIRD CITIZEN. Then, masters, look to see a troublous
    Then, taking him from thence that is not there,
    Then where you please and shall be thought most fit
  YORK. Then he is more beholding to you than I.
  MESSENGER. Then certifies your lordship that this night
    Then was I going prisoner to the Tower
  RIVERS. Then curs'd she Richard, then curs'd she
    Then curs'd she Hastings. O, remember, God,
  GLOUCESTER. Then be your eyes the witness of their evil.
    Then he was urg'd to tell my tale again.
    Then, on the other side, I check'd my friends.
    Then, good my lord, take to your royal self
  BUCKINGHAM. Then I salute you with this royal title-
    Then bring me to their sights; I'll bear thy blame,
    Then fiery expedition be my wing,
    Then would I hide my bones, not rest them here.
  DUCHESS. Then patiently hear my impatience.
  KING RICHARD. Then know, that from my soul I love thy
    'Edward' and 'York.' Then haply will she weep;
  KING RICHARD. Then plainly to her tell my loving tale.
  KING RICHARD. Then, by my self-
    Then tell me what makes he upon the seas.
  RICHMOND. All for our vantage. Then in God's name march.
    Then fly. What, from myself? Great reason why-
    Then if you fight against God's enemy,
    Then, in the name of God and all these rights,  
  KING RICHARD. Then he disdains to shine; for by the book
  Ben. Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?
    Then dreams he of another benefice.
  Rom. Then move not while my prayer's effect I take.
  Jul. Then have my lips the sin that they have took.  
  Rom. Then plainly know my heart's dear love is set
  Nurse. Then hie you hence to Friar Laurence' cell;
    Then love-devouring death do what he dare-
    Then, dreadful trumpet, sound the general doom!
    And world's exile is death. Then 'banishment'
    Then mightst thou speak, then mightst thou tear thy hair,
  Jul. Then, window, let day in, and let life out.
    Then weep no more. I'll send to one in Mantua,
    Then, since the case so stands as now it doth,
    Then is it likely thou wilt undertake  
    Then, as the manner of our country is,
  1. Mus. Then will I give you the serving-creature.
  Pet. Then will I lay the serving-creature's dagger on your pate.
  Pet. Then have at you with my wit! I will dry-beat you with an iron
           Then music with her silver sound'-
           'Then music with her silver sound
  Man. Then she is well, and nothing can be ill.
  Rom. Is it e'en so? Then I defy you, stars!
    Then be not poor, but break it and take this.
  Rom. Wilt thou provoke me? Then have at thee, boy!
    Yea, noise? Then I'll be brief. O happy dagger!
  Prince. Then say it once what thou dost know in this.
    To County Paris. Then comes she to me
    Then gave I her (so tutored by my art)
    Return'd my letter back. Then all alone
    Then take him up, and manage well the jest:
    For man or master. Then it follows thus:
    Then had not Grumio come by the worst.
    Then well one more may fair Bianca have;
    Then tell me, if I get your daughter's love,  
    Then I'll commend her volubility,  
  PETRUCHIO. Then show it me.
    To house or housekeeping. Then at my farm
    Then give me leave to have prerogative;
    Then give me leave to read philosophy,
  LUCENTIO. Then we are rid of Licio.
  TRANIO. Then go with me to make the matter good.
  KATHERINA. Then both, or one, or anything thou wilt.
  HORTENSIO. God-a-mercy, Grumio! Then he shall have no odds.
  TRANIO. Then at my lodging, an it like you.
  BIONDELLO. Then thus: Baptista is safe, talking with the deceiving
  KATHERINA. Then, God be bless'd, it is the blessed sun;
    Then hast thou taught Hortensio to be untoward.         Exit
  TRANIO. Then thou wert best say that I am not Lucentio.
    Then pardon him, sweet father, for my sake.
  WIDOW. Then never trust me if I be afeard.
    Then vail your stomachs, for it is no boot,
    Then meet and join Jove's lightning, the precursors
    Then all afire with me; the King's son, Ferdinand,
    As fast as mill-wheels strike. Then was this island-
    Can speak like us. Then wisely, good sir, weigh
  ANTONIO. Then tell me,
  ANTONIO. Then let us both be sudden.
    Then to sea, boys, and let her go hang!
  PROSPERO. Then, as my gift, and thine own acquisition
    Towards their project. Then I beat my tabor,
    Then say if they be true. This mis-shapen knave-
    That is thy charge. Then to the elements
  APEMANTUS. Then I repent not.
  POET. Then I lie not.
  APEMANTUS. Then thou liest. Look in thy last work, where thou hast
Then comes, dropping after all, APEMANTUS, discontentedly, like himself
    Then, as in grateful virtue I am bound
Then enter TITUS and HORTENSIUS
    Then they could smile, and fawn upon his debts,
    Then what should war be? This fell whore of thine
    Then, Timon, presently prepare thy grave;
    Then, if thou grant'st th'art a man, I have forgot thee.
  TIMON. Then I know thee not.
  TIMON. What, dost thou weep? Come nearer. Then I love thee
  POET. Then this breaking of his has been but a try for his friends?
    Then do we sin against our own estate
    Then let him know- and tell him Timon speaks it
    Are not inherited. Then, dear countryman,
  ALCIBIADES. Then there's my glove;
    Then let my father's honours live in me,
        Moor, and others,  as many as can be. Then set down
    Then, madam, stand resolv'd, but hope withal
    Then, if you will elect by my advice,
    Then hear me speak indifferently for all;
    Then at my suit look graciously on him;
    Then, Aaron, arm thy heart and fit thy thoughts
  DEMETRIUS. Then why should he despair that knows to court it
    Then should not we be tir'd with this ado.
       Then enter SATURNINUS, TAMORA, BASSIANUS LAVINIA,
  TAMORA. Then all too late I bring this fatal writ,
    Then have I kept it to a worthy end.
  LUCIUS. Then I'll go fetch an axe.
    Then be my passions bottomless with them.
    Then into limits could I bind my woes.
    Then must my sea be moved with her sighs;
    Then must my earth with her continual tears
    Then give me leave; for losers will have leave
    Then which way shall I find Revenge's cave?
    Then thus I thump it down.
    Then pardon me for reprehending thee,
  AARON. What, must it, nurse? Then let no man but I
  AARON. Then sit we down and let us all consult.
    Then let the ladies tattle what they please.
    Then, when you come to Pluto's region,
  TITUS. Then here is a supplication for you. And when you come to
    Then is all safe, the anchor in the port.
    Then cheer thy spirit; for know thou, Emperor,
  SATURNINUS. Then go successantly, and plead to him.
  LUCIUS. Then, gracious auditory, be it known to you
  CRESSIDA. Then you say as I say, for I am sure he is not Hector.
  CRESSIDA. Then Troilus should have too much. If she prais'd him
  CRESSIDA. Then she's a merry Greek indeed.
    Then though my heart's content firm love doth bear,  
    Then everything includes itself in power,
  THERSITES. Then there would come some matter from him;
    Where Helen is the subject. Then, I say,
    execrations. Then there's Achilles, a rare engineer! If Troy be
    direction till thy death. Then if she that lays thee out says
  THERSITES. Thy commander, Achilles. Then tell me, Patroclus, what's
  PATROCLUS. Thy lord, Thersites. Then tell me, I pray thee, what's
  THERSITES. Thy knower, Patroclus. Then tell me, Patroclus, what art
  NESTOR. Then will Ajax lack matter, if he have lost his argument
    O'er-run and trampled on. Then what they do in present,
    Then marvel not, thou great and complete man,
  CRESSIDA. Then, sweet my lord, I'll call mine uncle down;
  SIR TOBY. Then hadst thou had an excellent head of hair.
           Then come kiss me, sweet and twenty;
  DUKE. Then let thy love be younger than thyself,
  VIOLA. Then westward-ho!
  VIOLA. Then think you right: I am not what I am.
  CLOWN. But as well? Then you are mad indeed, if you be no better in
  OLIVIA. Then lead the way, good father; and heavens so shine  
  SIR TOBY. Then he's a rogue and a passy measures pavin. I hate a
  LUCETTA. Then thus: of many good I think him best.
  JULIA. Then let it lie for those that it concerns.
    Then tell me whither were I best to send him.
  VALENTINE. Then speak the truth by her; if not divine,
  PROTEUS. Then let her alone.
    Then let me go, and hinder not my course.
  LUCETTA. Then never dream on infamy, but go.
    Then let her beauty be her wedding-dow'r;
  DUKE. Then let me see thy cloak.
  PROTEUS. Then in dumb silence will I bury mine,
  LAUNCE. Then may I set the world on wheels, when she can spin for  
  DUKE. Then you must undertake to slander him.
  VALENTINE. Then know that I have little wealth to lose;
         Then to Silvia let us sing
  VALENTINE. Then I am paid;
    And fellow'st nothing. Then 'tis very credent
      Then my account I well may give
  CLOWN. Then fare thee well. I must go buy spices for our
  POLIXENES. Then make your garden rich in gillyvors,
             Then whither goest? Say, whither?
    Then, till the fury of his Highness settle,
  CAMILLO. Then list to me.
    Had squar'd me to thy counsel! Then, even now,
  PAULINA. Then, good my lords, bear witness to his oath.
  THIRD GENTLEMAN. Then you have lost a sight which was to be seen,
    You do awake your faith. Then all stand still;
